all right thanks so much Jolene well for
my favorite things last Friday we asked
you your favorite place to go camping in
northern Maine responses yeah I got a
ton of responses and we have put
together our top five Mackinac Mill
Creek camping and Mackinaw City
Ludington State Park interlaken State
Park South Higgins Lake State Park in
Roscommon and a loja State Park in
Sheboygan and we have decided to feature
this week Mackinac Mill Creek camping
when you think of summertime in northern
Michigan camping is one of the first
things that comes to mind it's a
tradition up north one that certainly
isn't lost here in 1964 my parents
started Mackinac Mill Creek camping it
was originally just six acres and they
had seventeen campsites and they opened
up on the fourth of July
since then vince row gala and his
brothers have watched it grow and grow
now Mill Creek camping spans 200 acres
and holds 600 campsites at that time
everybody considered this too far out of
town it was it was a it was wasteland
and and not a good spot for a campground
but who knows 50 years later it's a it's
a great spot that's thanks in part to
this view
Mill Creek camping sits along the shore
with a gorgeous gaze at the mighty mast
it's 200 acres and you feel like you're
away from it all even though you're
three miles from town and all the great
tourist attractions things are a bit
quiet here during our midweek visit this
May but here's a look at what you can
expect during prime time once school
gets out every week you'll see more and
more people come here and it's neat to
see the campground come alive because by
mid-july
there'll be there'll be a couple
thousand people here and you'll see this
that the smell the campfires and the
kids riding the bicycles and the people
just relaxing by there by their RVs and
it's just a neat atmosphere to walk
around and enjoy as far as camping goes
they have everything you could want you
can set up your tents your RV or even
stay in one of 50 cabins you can swim
hit the trails enjoy the wilderness and
even take the youngsters to the
playground or the arcade and don't
forget the parks tour well we run our
own mini city here it's a little village
for 2,000 people a little village with
things you'll rarely find at a typical
campground at Mill Creek camping they
grow a variety of
trees in their own nurseries of
everything from pine trees to maple
trees to to it oak trees and this
massive pile of sand is used to keep the
park in tip-top shape
nobody likes potholes so we have to
supply our own gravel to fill the roads
up take care of the campsites sometimes
kids or people who dig holes we got to
take care of that I look at as a
campgrounds what we're selling we're
selling clean air clean water clean land
and we need to have a beautiful
environment it's that beautiful
environment that keeps campers coming
back Vince grew up here and like seeing
campers do the same I'm meeting second
third-generation campers they came here
as little kids and now they're having
their children they're bringing them up
here camping because they had a great
experience and that is exactly what
Mackinac Mill Creek camping wants to
them each new camper is a new friend
it's like having friends over at your
house except our backyard is very big it
feels like we're having guests every day
and we are and we look forward to that
we enjoy it kind of bad view in the
place just rentable spectacular
campground and a little quad during our
visit but as you can see yeah they get
very busy 2,000 campers it's a little
village like he says yeah all right well
for this